Update Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent_in_System_Center.md (#3910)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/DataMiner_Agents/Upgrading_a_DMA/Upgrading_a_DataMiner_Agent_in_System_Center.md

   - To upgrade one or more individual Agents, select *Individual Agents* and expand the *DataMiner Agents* section to select the Agents or add them by entering an external IP.

   > [!NOTE]
   >

>    > If you choose to upgrade one or more individual Agents, please, make sure you have only one agent orchestrating the upgrade. If you are upgrading a group of agents, wait until the upgrade is completed, only then you can trigger a new group or agent to upgrade.

Reviewer: Would it be OK to rephrase this like this?
```suggestion
   > If you start an upgrade of one or more individual Agents, make sure no additional upgrade operation is started until this first upgrade has been fully completed.
```
